good morning everybody it's JP are back
with another pokemon mystery dungeon
update today pokemon super mystery
dungeon was showcased during the
Nintendo treehouse III so first off we
got confirmation that the personality
test is returning although this was also
shown in yesterday's mr. dungeon trailer
on pokemons YouTube channel however
unlike in past games you can actually
retake the test as soon as it ends if
you're dissatisfied with the results
meaning that you don't have to spend all
day and night resetting the game like I
used to do as a kid some people might
see this as cheating on the quiz but
keep in mind the questions change every
time you take it so you might have a
valid reason to retake it if none of the
questions really fit to it for example
if one of the questions was was your
rather ride in a car with willpower or
Jeff Gordon and you have no idea who
those people are then you might want to
retake also it appears you'll be able to
choose the gender and personality of
your partner I guess that sort of
customizes your experience a little bit
more so you can make your partner like a
really sweet innocent person Serena or
really grouchy unpleasant person who you
would actually be glad to get rid of at
the end of the game Squidward the first
town the game is called the serene
village and also the hunger feature will
be returning inside the dungeons your
first mission will be to accompany
dearling and shell mats into the forest
when their friend goomy goes missing
probably because ash released it sorry
what's interesting is that these are the
same Pokemon you're seeing with from
giratina appears in the trailer granted
this could be an event that occurs much
later in the game but it would still be
pretty funny to get introduced to a
legendary pokemon the first 15 minutes
of the game that's all for now III isn't
completely over yet so he might be
getting some more info soon if you want
to stay updated and also feel free to
hit that thumbs up button if you enjoyed
I'll see you guys next time